Hello
Welcome on the hangman game !
The rules are quiet easy but here’s what you need to know before your start playing.

- Hangman goal : 
In solo mode : Your purpose is to find a word randomly chosen. (You will understand how by reading the rules.)
In multiplayers mode : The purpose is the same except that the word you have to find isn’t random since one player chooses the word and the other tries to discover it.

- Before playing :
In Solo mode : you get to choose how difficult you want the game to be. A word is considered more difficult when it is longer.
In multiplayers mode : The player choosing the word, has to decide which word he would like the other player to try guessing. The other player just wait until the player choosing is done.

- Game play :
Once the word has been picked, the game can begin.

Some dashes appear on the screen, it represent the letters of the word that have not been found. The number of dashes matches the number of letters in the word that has to be found.

The player who has not chosen the word can now enter a letter. The purpose here is to try a letter that might be in the mystery word.
Once a letter has been tried, it is useless trying it again, instead test a new letter.

Once the letter to be tried has been chosen there is two options :
--> Either the letter is in that word and the dashes representing this letter get replaced by the letter you have found.
--> Either the letter is not in that word, and crap, you made a mistake. A line appears, it’s the beginning of a hangman drawing. Each time you make a mistake, a new line get drawn.

If you already found serval letter and the word seems to be obvious, you can type the entire word instead of just one letter. If you are right : you won !

- Victory :
Once you found all the letters or you discovered the word you win !

- Defeat :
Sadly you can’t always win, and if you make enough mistakes for the hangman drawing to be complete, you lost.
However you can try again as many times as you want.

- Score :
The less mistake you make and the longer is the word, the more points you get.

If you are one of the five best players the game will tell you.

Have fun playing !!

(Press "Enter" to continue)
